Add `osu! World Cup 2024: Mapper & Tester Applications` news post (#11535)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-06-06-osu-world-cup-2024-mapper-tester-applications.md

---
layout: post
title: "osu! World Cup 2024: Mapper & Tester Applications"
date: 2024-06-06 18:00:00 +0000
---

We're finally kicking the well-oiled machine into gear and starting work on the next yearly edition of the osu! World Cup — the registrations for mappers and playtesters for the osu! World Cup 2024 are now open!

![](/wiki/shared/news/banners/OWC_Master_Logo.png)

If you aren't familiar with the largest event osu! has to offer, the osu! World Cup is the official country-based tournament supported by the osu! team, running since 2011! For players, it is often recognised as the peak of tournament play, capping off the year with intense competition and allowing them to show off the improvements they've made throughout the year in front of a large, patriotic audience.

However today, we call attention to the team to make it all happen behind the scenes, with over a hundred members working year-long to make the event memorable and captivating. It's time to open registrations for mappers and playtesters to join our team! The OWC team produces around 60 maps specially made for the event as well as helping the dozen or so original songs to debut!

> If you wish to help in the creation of many more iconic moments such as [worst hr player](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14106450)'s [*Burning Star* play](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/1993918275?t=02h23m42s), or the incredible project that was [Release Hallucination's *Vanitas*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNJIgQhizzg), let your presence known and make sure to sign up to these forms below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to help in the creation of many more iconic moments such as [worst hr player](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14106450)'s [*Burning Star* play](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/1993918275?t=02h23m42s), or the incredible project that was [Release Hallucination](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/194)'s [*Vanitas*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNJIgQhizzg), let your presence known and make sure to sign up to these forms below:
```
